digging in the dark using a for's
flashlight heavy machinery and the fuel
needed to run it are not available to
search for bodies Israeli strikes caused
further destruction in neighborhoods in
central
Gaza with more Palestinians killed and
the indur taken to hospitals perly
operating after months of
buming children who make up nearly half
of gaza's population fill their treat
rooms of AA
Hospital the UN agency UNICEF says at
least 17,000 children have been orphaned
or separated from their families during
the war so
far the number of dead of all ages
continues to increase every
day the missile came down and killed 10
of my family members and the whole house
got destroyed my mother is in the the
Intensive Care Unit may God be kind to
us this child was born during the war
the 13th day of the
war the hospital's Courtyard has become
overwhelmed with bodies turning a place
of healing into one of
mourning and as air strikes again Target
the South it's a similar picture in Rafa
the city once considered as the last
remaining safe
Zone we were sleeping peacefully at home
my brother called crying my sister and
all her children were killed they were
all innocent civilians my sister was
killed with her children including her
2-year-old daughter and three-year-old
son this is our gift on the Advent of
the holy month of Ramadan new bombs and
missiles from the US instead of
enforcing a ceas fire and letting the
displaced return home the Americans and
Israelis continue to kill
families all over Gaza are struggling to
pick up the pieces of the shattered
lives and are finding little room to
mourn the Dead with no end in sight for
the end of the Israeli
bombardment tabom Al jaaz Raf in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer